DEVELOPER.md, before:

# Developer

- Devcontainer configuration included for Codespaces or [Remote Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

## Prerequisites For Devcontainer

- Docker
- Visual Studio Code
    - Run `code --install-extension ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers`
    - For supporting Codespaces: `code --install-extension GitHub.codespaces`

## Spin It Up

> ***NOTE***
>
> 🐎 PERFORMANCE TIP: Using the directions provided for named container volume will optimize performance over trying to just "open in container" as there is no mounting files to your local filesystem.

Use command pallet with vscode (Control+Shift+P or F1) and type to find the command `Remote Containers: Clone Repository in Named Container`.

- Put the git clone url in.

Some extra features are included such as:

- Extensions for VSCode defined in `.devcontainers`, such as Go, Kubernetes & Docker, and some others.
- Initial placeholder `.zshrc` file included to help initialize usage of `direnv` for automatically loading default `.envrc` which contains local developement default environment variables.

### After Devcontainer Loads

1. Accept "Install Recommended Extensions" from popup, to automatically get all the preset tools, and you can choose do this without syncing so it's just for this development environment.
2. Open a new `zsh-login` terminal and allow the automatic setup to finish, as this will ensure all other required tools are setup.
    - Make sure to run `direnv allow` as it prompts you, to ensure all project and your personal environment variables (optional).
3. Run setup task:
    - Using CLI: Run `mage init`

## Troubleshooting

### Mismatch With Checksum for Go Modules

- Run `go clean -modcache && go mod tidy`.

### Connecting to Services Outside of devcontainer

You are in an isolated, self-contained Docker setup.
The ports internally aren't the same as externally in your host OS.
If the port forward isn't discovered automatically, enable it yourself, by using the port forward tab (next to the terminal tab).

1. You should see a port forward once the services are up (next to the terminal button in the bottom pane).
    1. If the click to open url doesn't work, try accessing the path manually, and ensure it is `https`.
    Example: `https://127.0.0.1:9999`

You can choose the external port to access, or even click on it in the tab and it will open in your host for you.

Commit message:

feat: 🎉 initial release of dsv-github-action
✨ Great work by @mariiatuzovska in building the foundation and core code on this!

Other refactoring by @sheldonhull

- Add initial github integration testing workflow and ci tooling.
- Seperate code for main and app into different locations for testing ease.
- Use pterm for logging with custom prefixes for github.
- Use env to struct library to load config.
- Improve debug logging.
- Mage integration tests and goreleaser improvements.
- SBOM with SPDX-JSON output.
- Use distroless for image instead of building on fly with dockerfile version of action.
- Input modified to json to reduce vendor specific changes with github/gitlab and behavior with env files.
- Add All-contributors to readme.

Docs will be improved in next PR.

DEVELOPER.md, after:

# Developer

- Devcontainer configuration included for Codespaces or [Remote Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

## Prerequisites For Devcontainer

- Docker
- Visual Studio Code
  - Run `code --install-extension ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers`
  - For supporting Codespaces: `code --install-extension GitHub.codespaces`

## Spin It Up

> **_NOTE_**
>
> 🐎 PERFORMANCE TIP: Using the directions provided for named container volume will optimize performance over trying to just "open in container" as there is no mounting files to your local filesystem.

Use command pallet with vscode (Control+Shift+P or F1) and type to find the command `Remote Containers: Clone Repository in Named Container`.

- Put the git clone url in.

Some extra features are included such as:

- Extensions for VSCode defined in `.devcontainers`, such as Go, Kubernetes & Docker, and some others.
- Initial placeholder `.zshrc` file included to help initialize usage of `direnv` for automatically loading default `.envrc` which contains local developement default environment variables.

### After Devcontainer Loads

1. Accept "Install Recommended Extensions" from popup, to automatically get all the preset tools, and you can choose do this without syncing so it's just for this development environment.
2. Open a new `zsh-login` terminal and allow the automatic setup to finish, as this will ensure all other required tools are setup.
   - Make sure to run `direnv allow` as it prompts you, to ensure all project and your personal environment variables (optional).
3. Run setup task:
   - Using CLI: Run `mage init`

## Troubleshooting

### Mismatch With Checksum for Go Modules

- Run `go clean -modcache && go mod tidy`.

### Connecting to Services Outside of devcontainer

You are in an isolated, self-contained Docker setup.
The ports internally aren't the same as externally in your host OS.
If the port forward isn't discovered automatically, enable it yourself, by using the port forward tab (next to the terminal tab).

1. You should see a port forward once the services are up (next to the terminal button in the bottom pane).
   1. If the click to open url doesn't work, try accessing the path manually, and ensure it is `https`.
      Example: `https://127.0.0.1:9999`

You can choose the external port to access, or even click on it in the tab and it will open in your host for you.

## Setup of GitHub Action Integration Test

Use the GitHub cli to configure the values based on the test data.
This shouldn't be sensitive stuff, just dummy values for testing retrieval.

```shell
gh secret create DSV_SECRET_PATH
gh secret create DSV_SECRET_KEY_1
gh secret create DSV_SECRET_KEY_2
gh secret create DSV_EXPECTED_VALUE_1
gh secret create DSV_EXPECTED_VALUE_2
```
